You may concern about:

I want to cancel the order

If you don't need the product any more, please follow below steps to cancel order:

① visit order detail page and click cancel button to cancel

② wait confirmation from seller within 48 hours

③ refund will be back to your original bank/card account within 3-20 days


Note: if order status is frozen, please close your chargeback firstly and cancel order later.



View More
I can't cancel the order

2 Way Motorcycle Anti-theft Alarm Remote Engine Start 36v-72v Electric Bike Two Way Security Alarm Scooter Moto Theft Protection
2 Way Motorcycle Anti-theft Alarm Remote Engine Start 36v-72v Electric Bike Two Way Security Alarm Scooter Moto Theft Protection
Color : army greenShips From : CHINA
$22.59
×1
Awaiting Shipment
You may concern about:


Rob

Customer Service Agent

Hi this is Rob From AliExpress Customer Service Team. May I have your name please?  

hi

 It's a pleasure to meet you. I hope you are doing good today.  ❤️ 

hi

nice meeting you        

I can't cancel the order
I can only confirm receipt

13:06

I completely understand No worries, I will do my best to help you. 


No worries, I will do my best to help you. 


let me  check it for  you


let me go  ahead and escalate this for  you so that  we can cancel  your order since  you are getting error on  your end

ok

can I have   your email address

Thank you so much 

koss2404@gmail.com

thank you so much for the email address


can I have the order number too

3031009690695696

Thank you  for the order number

13:12
done escalating  your concern to our higher team

All  you need to do is wait for the notifications that  your order is cancelled to  your email address

You can trust me on this. I got your back here and you can count on me.  

Rest assured that everything is taken care of, 

The seller wrote to me that I need to open a dispute
but I don't know how to open a dispute

sure let me help  you also

HOW TO OPEN DISPUTE
Please take the following steps to open dispute:

Step 1. On order detail page, click 'Open Dispute' 

 Step 2. Select the delivery status 

Step 3. Select the dispute reason 

Step 4. Fill in the refund amount:

Step 5. Select refund method:

Step 6. Fill in the supporting information and upload evidence picture/videos:

Step 7. Click "submit"

Please follow the  guide to open a dispute

but no worries since once the order is cancelled the  refund will be r effunded to  your payment method

do you understand Ukrainian or Russian?

sorry  we can used google translate

that's what I do

thank you

I can't cancel the order
I can only confirm receipt

